
CBD stands for cannabidiol, a naturally occurring compound found in hemp plants.  Human beings have developed an intimate relationship with this extraordinary plant for thousands of years.  Scientists have finally been given the opportunity to test the therapeutic effects of CBD, revealing it's benefits of the body and mind. 



While providing a sense of harmony and wellness, CBD is not intoxicating, making it perfectly safe for you to incorporate into your daily regimen.   The overflow of information out there regarding CBD can seem intimidating, but we'll be your guide to discover how CBD can help support you in your journey.

​

CBD takes on many forms, each with unique characteristics.  We offer a diverse line of products designed to incorporate into any type of lifestyle, including CBD topical creams, CBD oils, CBD edibles, CBD tinctures and more.

​

​Production
  We are a soil to shelf hemp company specializing in high quality broad-spectrum hemp derived products.



       We believe that the efficacy of hemp products is reliant on a wide range of compounds found naturally in the hemp plant. These compounds include terpenes, cannabinoids, phytosterols, tocosterols, and other phenolic compounds.



     We process sustainably grown farm fresh hemp into broad full plant extracts, isolates (single compound) and

distillates (broad spectrum). 



Our facilities operate under the GAP (Good Agricultural Practices), CGMP (Current Good Manufacturing Practices), 21 CFR 111 (Dietary Supplements) and GLP (Good Laboratory Practices) standards focused on setting the industry standard for hemp cultivation and processing.



Operating under strict farm and manufacturing processes establishes Kind CBD Labs as an industry leader, 

​

Focused on a full spectrum of cannabinoids, we aim to help you attain the physical and mental well-being to seize the day.

Its a brave new world of hemp production,

and we are ready to guide you through it! 







